AF + threat vault - auto key (#12169)
demisto/content: Packs/AutoFocus/ReleaseNotes/1_1_17.md

#### Integrations
##### AutoFocus Daily Feed

> - Added support for Cortex XSOAR Auto Focus API Key usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support to enable the usage of the Cortex XSOAR Auto Focus API key.
```

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.4.18682*.
##### Palo Alto Networks AutoFocus v2

> - Added support for Cortex XSOAR Auto Focus API Key usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support to enable the usage of the Cortex XSOAR Auto Focus API key.
```

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.4.18682*.
##### AutoFocus Feed

> - Added support for Cortex XSOAR Auto Focus API Key usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support to enable the usage of the Cortex XSOAR Auto Focus API key.
```
